Updated Packs/GoogleGemini to include VertexAI API option (#44076)
demisto/content: Packs/GoogleGemini/Integrations/GoogleGemini/README.md

1. **Obtain API Key**: Visit [Google AI Studio](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey) to create an API key.
2. **Configure Integration**: Add a new GoogleGemini integration instance, set Authentication Type to **AI Studio API Key**, and enter your API key.
3. **Test Connection**: Use the Test button to verify connectivity.
4. **Start Using**: Execute the `google-gemini-send-message` command for AI interactions.

### Vertex AI (Service Account)

1. **Create a Service Account**: In the Google Cloud Console, go to **IAM & Admin** > **Service Accounts** and create a service account with the **Vertex AI User** role.
2. **Generate a JSON Key**: On the service account page, create a new JSON key and download it.
3. **Configure Integration**: Add a new GoogleGemini integration instance, set Authentication Type to **Vertex AI Service Account**, and paste the full JSON key contents into the Service Account Key field.
4. **Set Project ID**: Enter your Google Cloud Project ID.
5. **Set Location**: Enter the location (default: `global`). Use `us-central1`, `europe-west4`, etc. for regional endpoints.
6. **Test Connection**: Use the Test button to verify connectivity.

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting and Tips
```

> - **API Key Issues**: Ensure your API key has access to the Generative Language API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure your API key has access to the Generative Language API.
```

> - **Network Connectivity**: Verify your XSOAR instance can reach the configured endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify your Cortex XSOAR instance can access the configured endpoint.
```

> - **Model Availability**: Check that the specified model is available in your region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check that the specified model is available in your region.
```

> - **Rate Limits**: Review usage quotas and rate limits for your API key or project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Review usage quotas and rate limits for your API key or project.
```

> - **Unsupported Models**: The integration will warn but attempt to use models not in the official list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The integration attempts to use models not included in the official list and issues a warning.
```

> - **Vertex AI Auth Errors**: Ensure the service account has the `roles/aiplatform.user` role and the Vertex AI API is enabled in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure the service account has the `roles/aiplatform.user` role and the Vertex AI API is enabled in your project.
```

> - **Server URL**: For AI Studio, use `https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com`. For Vertex AI, the URL auto-switches to `https://aiplatform.googleapis.com` if left at the default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For AI Studio, use the server URL `https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com`. For Vertex AI, the URL auto-switches to `https://aiplatform.googleapis.com` by default.
```
